With the six we also got some updates to string methods.
So let me show you what we can do with strings now.
So earlier with Ackbar 5 we also got introduced to trim.
So this was actually really useful.
So if we actually had a value where Let's let a and we're going to equal it to Hello World but we're
going to add in a bunch of spaces wrapping around it.
So if we get an input like this we want to get rid of the whitespace so we have the ability to trim
that.
So let's refresh and let's see the value of A.
So we see we've got all of that spacing.
So if I do a trim So applying the trim method to it we see that we get rid of all of that excess whitespace.
And this was actually with my 5 that that was brought in and that was really useful because this is
something that we struggled with a lot of times whenever users are adding in inputs sometimes they add
in an extra space and it throws off our check to make sure that the values are the same.
So this is one of the things that was really great but we got even more we can do with strings.
Now we can check to see what a string starts with.
So let's starts with method.
And basically we can check to see if a string starts with HD and we get false.
So we know that the string actually doesn't start with H.E. because it starts with a space.
So we have to include that space in there and then now it should be true.
So we can check to see what a string starts with because we haven't trimmed it yet and that's where
we're getting that space.
We can also see what a string ends with.
So we've got another method that we can apply and that ends with.
So just like starts with we can check to see if it ends with that and especially if we're looking for
one maybe like a dot com or something like that.
So we set one up
dot com.
So if we want to check to see if B ends ends with a dot com it's been made really easy with ESX.
So we can see that this one is dot com.
If we had something else this is a great example of where this can get used because normally we'd have
to do quite a bit of manipulation there in order to determine what Veloce characters were.
And sometimes we need to count the different characters so we can literally check to see if it starts
with or ends with certain character sequences.
And also we got the ability to see if it actually includes a value.
So the value of a we've got a lot of spacing around there.
So let's check to see if it includes And let's first see if it includes hell.
So it does include hell and keeping in mind that this is case sensitive as well.
So if we're looking to see if it includes Hello make sure that we're looking for the right case.
So notice that with a we've got an upper case there and we also got the ability to update and repeat
certain values multiple times.
So if I take the value of a I can actually repeat it and then I just need to specify how many times
I want to repeat it.
So if I want to repeat it three times we can simply output it three times and of course if we want to
update a we can do a repeat and let's do eight.
So do a really big number there.
So now the value of a is lots of Hello worlds.
So what do I need to do now is try it for yourself.
So open up your editor and try out create yourself a string and you can trim it if you want as well
and then apply some conditions.
So have a conditional statement to check if there are certain if it starts with if it ends with because
we're returning back boolean values and these are perfect when you're working with conditional statements
because this gives us the ability to check to make sure if something is true or false and we can also
do include ends with.
So make up some strings check to see if there are any and with a certain parameters certain sequence
of variables.
And also try out includes check out and make sure that you get familiar enough to use includes that
you can check to see if there's certain character sequences within your string.
And then if there if it's there then simply place a condition where you output into the console.
It was there.
Otherwise output that it was missing.
And also don't forget to try out the repeat.
So there isn't a lot of use for this but it certainly is fun to update your variables and have the same
variable value repeat a bunch of times.
So definitely try that one out as well.